# SafeTheDate
SafeThedate is a safe end-to-end event ticketing platform that enables users not only to buy tickets for their preferred events but also enables them to sell their tickets on the same platform or trade them with others. The platform provides a unique one-stop shop. 
Our platform renews users experience with ticketing websites and provides them with a full variety of options: the client can buy or sell tickets for events that were created on the SafeTheDate platform, and buy or sell tickets for events that were created on other platforms.
Producers that wish to create events on the platform use it like any other ticketing platform, and enter details on the event such as place, name, ticket price, date, number of seats, etc. Unlike similar platforms, at the point of the creation of the event, terms for the second-hand market of the event tickets are chosen. The producer chooses terms like date, the amount of sold seats, and future assessment to allow it. Once the second-hand market starts users can start buying and selling tickets, and the user can choose the price to be lower or equal to the purchase price. Still, the selling price will include a commission for the platform and the imported event commission (if the event was imported from another platform).
The first user’s experience with the platform is found on the first page of the website, there he will find an easy-to-use user interface called the captain. The captain is a human-like chatbot that will allow the user to ask questions and get recommendations about events that are consistent with his preferences. The captain is based on the NLP algorithm and will be trained to answer specifically on SafeTheDate events’ data and the user interface.
Another capability of a producer is to import his events from other ticketing websites which will allow users that wish to sell or buy their tickets reliably without the fear of getting scammed by buying or selling those tickets. A user that bought a ticket for an event will get the QR code one hour before the event which will prevent him from selling or trading it. A user that wishes to trade a ticket bought on another website will have to load that ticket and once the ticket is verified it's being loaded to the platform. 
*For ability we will create a dummy service that is used as an external ticketing platform that works with SafeTheDate platform.
